# AdaptiveNetworksSite
Basic project deliverables The following deliverables will form your semester mark through the semester. Each of the deliverables has to be submitted on time on the indicated deadline. Introduction The project for IMY 772 2018 is to create a website that has the content of an undergraduate module. This site should then create a user model while learners use it to effectively allow them to consume the content on the website based on their preferences (browsing, learning, navigation etc). Deliverable 1 Create the static website containing the content of the chosen module. This website should be constructed in such a way that each component within the site can then later be used for the creation of the user model. That means breaking down the content into nodes that goes down multiple levels together with navigation that gets more detailed and granular as the user navigates the static site. The website should also be styled nicely. This means that just a default bootstrap implementation is not good enough. Please do not make it look like a disco ball (pictures, colours etc etc) but make it look professional. Deliverable 2 The implementation of the user model creation based on the user’s first encounter with the website. This is the user setting up his/her profile when they create an account on the website the first time. This deliverable should already show the effect of this very basic user model, in terms of adaptive hypermedia, on the website. Deliverable 3 The expansion of the user model based on the users usage of the website. This can implement any of the methods used to adapt content of websites based on user behaviour and preferences. Where deliverable 2 only implemented user preferences (set by the user), deliverable 3 adds more preferences to the user profile (which can be set by the user) and also add adaptation based on the users behaviour on the website. Deliverable 4 Another expansion of the user model, this time based on learning theories that the user can select and that the system can pick up. Final demonstration The final project will show the implementation of various complexities of user modelling as well as how it functions within the website. Your final project will be assessed based on usability, creativity, complexity and effectiveness of the adaptive nature of the website. General requirements Each project should adhere to the following requirements: • Be deployed on hosting and work effectively. The hosting can either be offsite or a detailed document can accompany the submission which will allow the lecturer to deploy the website (without a problem). • Design and layout is important. Both of these components will be assessed as part of the final assessment. • Each user model should be constructed in various ways. Each of these methods should be documented and should accompany all submissions of the website (except the first deliverable).
